well nutrition is enormous you know
years ago I think a book came out you
are what you eat you know a whole lot of
how you feel during your workout before
your workout and after your workout is
going to depend on what you put in the
machine and just like a car if you put
good ingredients in a car good gas or
diesel good lubricants good oil that car
is going to run better going to run
longer going to run more efficient
versus putting junk in there and it
breaking down not running too hot not
stayin lubricated so it's pretty much
the same principle if you can bumbles do
your own little test eat junk sugar all
that before you work out and go see how
you feel and eat some good quality
protein and carbohydrates and weight and
power and a half two hours and then go
train and you'll see the difference and
what you'll eventually find out is that
the kind of workout you have has
everything to do with what you put in
your body before you work out how you
feel for the rest of the day after your
workout has everything to do with what
you put back in your body to replace
what you just used for the workout it'll
depend on how well you sleep and all
that's going to go back into one thing
are you looking forward into going into
your next workout and if you don't
you're going to eventually quit if you
feel good the rest of the day if you
felt good in your workout and you talked
to the end result you're going to want
to do it again then it becomes part of
your life it becomes a lifestyle not
just something you did for a part of
your life but something you do for your
entire life so you continually get
results and there's also a a real caddis
between eating right and working out
when you eat right and you work out and
you feel good during your workout you
feel good after you workout and you
sleep good and then it's time to do it
again you want to repeat repeat that
same cycle when you quit working out or
when you eat bad foods and you don't
feel good working out you don't feel
good after you work out you don't want
to repeat that cycle and then you give
up and quit so I would say pay attention
to what you eat follow directions in
your workout and
quit making lifestyle you'll never
regret